_Release Date: TBD_

# v2.0.1

- [Role Changes](#role-changes)
- [Kit Changes](#kit-changes)
- [Other Changes](#other-changes)
- [Bug Fixes](#bug-fixes)

## Role Changes

Tanks

- Decreased all armor protection level from **4** to **2**.

## Kit Changes

Crusader

- Decreased Shield Bash cooldown from **10** seconds to **8** seconds.

Crusher

- Decreased Anvil cooldown from **4** seconds to **3** seconds.

Demolitionist

- Removed knockback resistance from the chestplate.

Golem

- Decreased Rooting duration from **3** seconds to **2** seconds.
- Increased earth Shatter mana cost from **55** to **60** mana.
- Removed knockback resistance from the chestplate.

Hulk

- Hulk mode armor protection level increased from **1** to **2**.

Kangaroo

- The stats of the boots equipped during kangaroo stomp now match the kit's base boots.

Musketeer

- Rifle (Sniper Mode)
  - Increased damage damage from **3.5** to **4**.
  - Increased falloff start distance from **75** meters to **100** meters.
  - Increased falloff end distance from **125** meters to **150** meters.
- Rifle (Burst Mode)
  - Increased damage from **7** to **8**.
  - Increased falloff start distance from **3** meters to **6** meters.
  - Increased falloff end distance from **9** meters to **12** meters.

Porcupine

- Decreased Quill damage from **9** to **8**.
- Decreased Poison duration from **4** seconds to **3** seconds.
- Decreased Slowness duration from **4** seconds to **3** seconds.

Potion Master

- Decreased Throwable Potion cooldown from **5** seconds to **4** seconds.
- Increased Slowness level from **2** to **3**.

Sonic

- The stats of the boots equipped during sonic speed now match the kit's base boots.

Spider

- Removed knockback resistance from the chestplate.

## Other Changes

- Credits are awarded and statistics are saved after completing any game regardless of the gamerule.
  - Previously only the "default" gamerule awarded credits and saved statistics.
- Removed the auto-balance feature.
  - Previously if there was an uneven number of players + 1 on a team then the next player death on the team with more players would change teams. (i.e. 4 red players and 2 blue players. The next red player that dies would join the blue team.)
  - Now, the teams will remain uneven unless new players join or existing players leave.
- Updated the AUTO_BALANCED game end reason to NO_PLAYERS
  - Created a database migration script for this.
- Added a beacon radius indicator during overtime on "King of the Hill" maps.
- The loaded default gamerule is now the base of all the other loaded gamerules.
  - Previously it was the internal values.

## Bug Fixes

- Fix issue where name tags for allies were invisible during the building phase.
- Fix issue where beacon radius checks didn't work accross dimensions.
