_Release Date: 8/04/2025_

# v2.1.1

- [General Changes](#general-changes)
- [Map changes](#map-changes)

## General Changes

- Allow players to leave a team at any point in the lobby.
- Improve the leaving and joining team logic.
- Added a new "Retired" rank. Displayed as "R".
- Updated the "Veteran" rank to display as "OG".
- The gamerule voting menu now opens automatically for players when gamerule voting start.
- The map voting menu now opens automatically for players when joining a team in the lobby.
- The kit selection menu now opens automatically for players when the game is about to start.
- Added new preference option to disable automatically opening gui menus.

## Map changes

Ravine

- Moved the beacon **7** blocks back from the cliff.
- Moved the spawn point **7** blocks away from the beacon.
- Lowered spawn boxes from y-level **142** to **120**.

Lazarus

- Added a dropdown flank room in the lobby near the wooden bridge.
- Filled in gaps throughout the map.

Hotel Monseñor

- Filled in gaps throughout the map.

## Bug Fixes

- Fixed the issue where players could get stuck while joining a game while the game is loading.
- Fixed admins losing flight if relogging during build phase.
- Fixed issue where wind charges broke blocks.
- Fixed issue where players could get their kit gear early if they relogged during build phase and selected a new kit.
- Fixed issue where players leaving while in the lobby wouldn't properly remove the player from the miencraft team.
- Fixed kit ninja's leaderboard line for total wins.
- Fixed issue where the follow owner speed for necromancer skeletons was not working.
