_Release Date: TBD_

# v2.2.0

- [Server Version](#server-version)
- [New Kits](#new-kits)
- [Kit Changes](#kit-changes)
- [Gamerule Changes](#gamerule-changes)
- [Other Changes](#other-changes)
- [Bug Fixes](#bug-fixes)

## Server Version

- Server updated from **1.21.4** to **1.21.8**

## New Kits

Snow Golem

- A snow support kit that summons snow golems and heals allies.
- View kit documentation [here](/kits/Snow_Golem).

## Kit Changes

Aquarius

- Reduced water beam mana cost from **10** mana to **9** mana.
- Reduced water bomb mana cost from **100** mana to **90** mana.

Buff Master

- Increased the absorption effect duration from **8** seconds to **16** seconds.
- Increased the regeneration effect duration from **12** seconds to **16** seconds.
- Increased the resistance effect duration from **12** seconds to **16** seconds.

Demon

- Decreased the blood bond healing potency from **0.8** health to **0.6** health.
- Decreased the blood transfution amount from **200ml** to **150ml**.

Hulk

- Decreased the rage form size from **1.125x** to **1.00x**.
- Increased the minimum rage form duration from **5** seconds to **7.5** seconds.

Medic

- Increased the maxiumum number of electolytes from **10** to **12**.
- Increased the electrolytes regeration amount from **0.10** to **0.15**.

Mercy

- The staff beams now chains and forms up to **3** connections.
- Updated actionbar text when attaching to entities to display the active effect.
- Increased the mercy staff healing potency from **1** health to **2** health.

Miner

- Added new **Paxel** tool.
  - The pickaxe, axe, and shovel have been combined into an all-in-one tool.
- Added new **Gobblestone** resource.
  - Collect gobblestone by breaking blocks, breaking beacons, or by damaging enemies while **Miner's Fervor** is active."
- Added new **Gobblestone Bag** ability.
  - Throw gobblestone to deal area damage to enemies.
  - Give gobblestone to friendly builders.
- Added new Gobblestone-related achievements
- Added new Gobblestone-related statistics.

Porcupine

- Decreased the quill stun duration from **3** seconds to **1.5** seconds.

Priest

- Increased the sun power gained per hit from **1** sunpower to **2** sunpower.

Prometheus

- Added fire damage type to fire imbued sword.

Snowman

- Added ice damage type to ice imbued sword.
- Increased the snowstorm tick rate from 1 snowstorm every **1.5** seconds to 1 snowstorm every **1** second.

Soldier

- Increased the maximum grenade count from **1** to **2**.
- The grenade now ignores invulnerability frames.

Sonic

- Reduced the sonic boom radius from **15** meters to **8** meters.

Spider

- The player now has the **Weaving** effect permanently.
- The player now creates several cobweb traps nearby upon death.

Vitalist

- Increased the reload speed from **0.5** seconds per ammo to **0.25** seconds per ammo.
- Increased the magazine size from **4** ammo to **6** ammo.
- Increased the ammo regeneration rate from 1 ammo every **3** seconds to 1 ammo every **2** seconds.

## Gamerule Changes

- Updated the "Minion Mayhem" gamerule to be less chaotic.
- Updated the "Minion Mayhem" gamerule to include kit snow golem.

## Other Changes

- Added leaf litter, wildflowers, bush, firefly bush, cactus flower, short dry grass, and tall dry grass to the internal vegetation list.

## Bug Fixes

- Fixed Ninja dodge ability being able to teleport into lava.
- Fixed shields disappearing when relogging as a tank kit.
