_Release Date: TBD_

# v2.3.0

- [Server Version](#server-version)
- [Spectate Command](#spectate-command)
- [Kit Changes](#kit-changes)
- [Technical Changes](#technical-changes)
- [Bug Fixes](#bug-fixes)

## Server Version

- Server updated from **1.21.8** to **1.21.11**

## Spectate Command

- Players can now spectate games!
- To enter spectator mode, players can use the `/spectate` command or use the `recover compass` item in their lobby inventory.
- To leave spectator mode, players can use the `/spectate leave` command or logout!

## Kit Changes

Miner

- Decreased paxel base damage from **7** to **6**.
- Increased miner's fervor gobblestone multiplier from **1** to **1.15**.

Snow Golem

- Increased the snow golem spawn cooldown from **4** seconds to **8** seconds.
- Increased icicle staff projectile cooldown from **1** second to **1.25** seconds.
- Increased snow golem icicle projectile cooldown from **1** second to **1.25** seconds.
- Decreased snow trail support healing from **2** health per second. to **1** health per second.

## Technical Changes

- Updated the syntax of the `/map` command.
- Added ability to set the map as an admin.
- Added configuration option to enable `map` and `gamerule` voting
- Moved Health Bar code into a standalone plugin.
- Added some status effects to health bars.
- Updated health bars to only show name through walls.
- Maps are now stored and loaded in the `maps/` directory instead of the root directory.
- Player inventories are cleared when their kit is disabled.

# Bug Fixes

- Fixed custom discord message not displaying.
- Fixed cobweb sound effect playing when earth walls are created.
- Fixed extra space in miner's paxel death message.
- Fixed team griefing counting when breaking friendly kit blocks.
- Fixed ninja damage parry damage calculation.
  - The result is a less damage.
- Fixed snow golems dying in warm biomes.
- Fixed SNOW_GOLEM_SNOW_TRAIL_HEALING_PER_SECOND kit data property not accepting the double number type.
- Fixed issue where kit soldier could get stuck in the map after players teleported back to the lobby.
